# Zero-Knowledge Gas (Zk-Gas)
## Summary
ZkGas is a social media application where users create communities, polls and walls. 
A community is a shared space, where community members post/view messages. A poll has a question and a set of answers. Users vote on answers of the polls created by other users. A wall is a dedicated space for a user, where other users post messages which are only visible to the wall creator. While creating communities/ polls/walls, a user sets necessary requirements (for example age>18) to perform the actions (join/vote/write). A user to perform an action must provide information that will satisfy the requirements. On only successful validation of the provided information, a user can perform the actions. The validation of the information uses zero knowledge thereby providing complete privacy on the information provided by a user. 
## Features
ZkGas has the following features:
1. ZkGas is a privacy first Blockchain-based social media application. All users interact with the application only through a noncustodial wallet like Meta-mask.
2. To join a community, or to vote on a poll or to write on a wall, the creator of the community/poll/wall sets some requirements. The requirements are then converted in to a circuit. The circuit is made using [noir](https://noir-lang.org/). The circuit is compiled, and a verification contract is deployed on the Blockchain (EVM compatible).
3. To join a community, or to vote on a poll or to write on a wall, a user has to provide the information proving that he has the information required to satisfy the requirements. After a user enters the information, by using [noir](https://noir-lang.org/), a zero-knowledge proof is created. The user has to submit the proof to the deployed verification contract on the Blockchain. Only the proof is sent to the Blockchain and no other information provided by the user is stored either at Blockchain or at the server providing complete privacy to the information provided by the user.


In this project we are developing the Application for users to create communities, polls and write on the walls of the other users, but to do this task each person must obey to some rules for which they will give some proof but their identity and the data will remain anonymous. This idea is based on the Gas App(American social media app) for creating the anonymous polls though in that app server was able to see the votes but in our case we are making it completely anonymous.
